[16.0][ADD] partner_entity_legal_form (#1594)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_entity_legal_form/README.rst

   !! source digest: sha256:6ded1417f6a8bb62903983716fe87153f1e5737c6f5ab25d9208eb8fe87b9b37
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpartner--contact-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/16.0/partner_entity_legal_form
    :alt: OCA/partner-contact
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/partner-contact-16-0/partner-contact-16-0-partner_entity_legal_form
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/partner-contact&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

> This module allows to have the business legal entity type as a field. The codes have been extracted from the **ISO 20275: Entity Legal Forms Code List** (version 1.5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to assign the Entity Legal Form on commercial partners. The codes have been extracted from the **ISO 20275: Entity Legal Forms Code List** (version 1.5).
```

> 

Reviewer: it could also be useful to have a usage section with a short explanation
